Fix issues related to list `BBE`s (#3937)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/list-subtyping/list_subtyping.md

> An array with a length is a subtype of an array of same member type descriptor without a length. Two arrays with the same length or  without a length is a subtype of the other if the member type descriptor is a subtype of the other. Tuple type `T` is a subtype of  type `T1` if the set of values allowed in `T` is a sub set of values allowed in `T1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array with a length is a subtype of an array of the same member type descriptor without a length. Two arrays with the same length or without a length are a subtype of the other if the member type descriptor is a subtype of the other. Tuple type `T` is a subtype of  type `T1` if the set of values allowed in `T` is a subset of the values allowed in `T1`
```
